Shortly after getting baptized, I set the goal of becoming a regular pioneer.
Then I went to preach in an unassigned territory where mosquito is spoken.
After that, I started serving as a special pioneer.
And sometime later I went to the school for kingdom evangelizers.
Sometime ago, I began to suffer from kidney failure.
So it felt like I wasn't doing anything anymore.
And I couldn't go back in time.
I grew up in a Christian family.
My dad worked in the construction of the Bethel branch and then served as a Bethelife for
some time.
My mom was a regular pioneer when she was younger.
She also volunteered at Bethel, and that's how she met my dad.
Some years ago, I started suffering from severe anxiety attacks, and that really affected
me in the congregation.
I started to compare myself to others, and I did the same with my parents.
I felt I could never live up to their example.
I grew up in a family where I wasn't made to feel I never really felt adequate.
I felt so worthless, I felt very alone.
When my health problems began, I started comparing myself.
I began thinking about what I was able to do before and about how my activity had gone
down.
This watched our study help me to see how some previous assignments would help me to do
things better in my current assignment that helped me to think about what I can do now.
I think this watched our article came just at the right time.
I've learned that I compared myself to others is very damaging, and it was bringing me
down spiritually.
So now that I've set the goal to stop doing that, I've seen good results.
I've had the chance to make good friends with older brothers and sisters in the congregation,
and when some of them needed help and turned to me, I was happy to help them, and that encouraged
me a lot.
When I started going to the meetings, I was somewhat afraid I was going to be inadequate
to the congregation.
Faircraft 20 of this watched our study helps me understand that I should use the gifts
that the congregation and especially Jehovah helped me to discover, to encourage the congregation.
For example, having raised two children alone as a young single mother, being able to do that,
I could help others in the congregation who are going through the same experience.
I've set concrete goals for myself, like helping to clean the kingdom hall.
Although it's lighter work, it's helped me tremendously.
It gives me a lot of joy to know that it's for Jehovah.
Now I try to help out the congregation wherever I can, speaking to an audience might not be
easy for me, but Jehovah has helped me to carry out my assignments, and that has helped
me to realize my place in Jehovah's congregation.
This has helped a lot in developing myself a steam, not to dwell on the past, on the old
feelings of inadequacy or dwell on the perfection that I used to demand from myself.
I discovered I have something good to give to the congregation.
The brothers need the good deeds that we're able to do.
It gives me a lot of joy to see that I can help others overcome their trials.
And this really helps me understand that I do have a role in the congregation.